{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 	This project was by far the most time consuming project so I\'92m very happy I spent a lot of time on Friday and Saturday of last week getting started.  \
\
	I initially struggled with very simple procedures.  I had trouble even figuring out the get and set methods initialization let alone the implementation.  Eventually, through trial and error, I found parameters that worked and I could get started working on the menu functions.  \
\
	The menu functions were difficult for me as well in the beginning.  I had difficulty cycling through the array with pointers, but eventually it became second nature.  Once I had created the first menu option and it worked correctly I had a better understanding of pointers and the rest of the functions would be fairly simple to implement.  There was one thing that I\'92m not sure if I did correctly, but the program did work with my method so I used it anyways rather than have a dysfunctional program.  Storing the zip code in the Rental Agency struct using only pointer to cycle through the array. I never figured out the correct pointer to use so I settled on using a method where I used modulo to get the last digit of the zip code, store it in the array and then cycle backwards through the code repeating this process after dividing by 10 each time to move to the next to last digit. The only thing that took more than one try after that point was the cycling through the Agencies and Cars with pointers, but I figured out the correct operations to allow landing on the correct value for the correct car and then printing the information to the terminal.  \
\
Creating the makefile took me a couple tries, but I got some help on the Slack and got it working soon after.  My Makefile works, but I\'92m not totally sure if I did it correctly and I plan on asking at one of the PASS sessions if what I did is the correct way.  I\'92m guessing they\'92ll say, if it works its correct, but we\'92ll see.\
\
All in all my program works properly and I enjoyed learning about pointers and classes more in depth.}